[DOCS] Highlight the subscription requirement for synthetic `_source` (#133443)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/elasticsearch/mapping-reference/mapping-source-field.md

## Synthetic `_source` [synthetic-source]

:::{note}

> This feature is only available with a certain subscription license. For more information, refer to [Subscriptions](https://www.elastic.co/subscriptions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature requires a [subscription](https://www.elastic.co/subscriptions).
```
